We're just gonna talk about a few links,
a few things you should know before
you head on to the data projects.
So first off, if you completed the course
up to this level, you already have
the skill set to just go ahead and
tackle public datasets and analyze them.
However, you see fit.
There's no need to actually go through the
projects that I'll be presenting for you,
but if you want, you can do that as
well and just continue with the course.
But if you've gone all the way
up to this level of the course,
you are ready to tackle
projects on your own.
So in order to do that, I'm just gonna
show you a few links that you might want
to know about, as far as public datasets.
First one,
you wanna go check out is Data.Gov.
So Data.Gov is the home of all the open
data that US Government has and
there's awesome, awesome datasets here.
There's over 100,000 datasets and
they're all grouped by different topics,
such as agriculture, health, government,
manufacturing, ecosystems, education.
So you just click on the topic
you want to check out.
Go to the Data tab and then you'll
see all the different datasets.
So for instance, right now education
has 293 datasets, which is awesome and
they're in all different kinds of formats.
Some are in CVS, some are in XL,
some are in HTML.
But remember, we've gone over lectures on
how to deal with different formats, so
you're already prepared
to do that in Python.
Another great resource for
public datasets is on Amazon Web Services.
So if you just Google search
Amazon Web Services plus public datasets,
it'll take you to this link right here,
aws.amazon.com/publicdatasets and
there's tons of other public datasets
here, such a human genome, NASA.
A bunch of different scientific
datasets here, you can also play with.
Another great resource
is Google Public Data.
So you can go ahead and
check this out, as well.
They have a little directory here and
it has links to where they're getting
the data from and you can actually
explore the data in your browser.
So go ahead and check those out, if you're
interested, just go straight for it.
Think of the questions you want to answer,
what you're interested in,
just check out the public datasets and
you're ready to go.
Continuing to the data projects in this
course, we're going to be gonna over.
First thing you're gonna wanna
do is create a GitHub profile.
So go ahead and go to GitHub,
create your profile and
then go ahead and
go through their tutorial on GitHub.
Download their GitHub for Windows,
they also have GitHub on Mac.
Go through tutorial, this is just
a way to put your stuff online for
your future employers or
friends to see in the same way
I show my IPython Notebooks online, you'll
be able to show your projects online.
So go ahead and download GitHub and
also sign up for
an account and
then you'll have a GitHub account.
Great.
So, another account you're gonna
have to make is on Kaggle.
So Kaggle is just a great resource for
data science in general.
And if you click here on
Get Started on kaggle.com,
you can get to their Sign Up page.
So go ahead and make a Kaggle account.
For Kaggle, what we're gonna be
doing in the very first project
is checking out their Titanic data set.
They hae a really awesome dataset on
survival data on the Titanic crash,
so we'll go ahead and be looking at
that further in the first project.
But in order to get this data,
you'll have to sign up for Kaggle.
So just a quick review.
You already have all the skills
you need to tackle datasets.
Go ahead and just go for it, if you want.
There's Data.Gov, Public Data Sets,
Google Public Data or you can just
Google search free public datasets
anywhere and go ahead and just go for it.
You have the tools,
you have the knowledge.
Totally believe in you.
Go ahead and just go for it,
that's the best way to learn.
If you wanna keep staying on with
this course, that's no problem.
Just go ahead and
make sure you have a GitHub account, so
you can show off all of the cool
things you've built in this course and
then go head and sign for Kaggle.
And then in the next lecture,
we'll be going over this Titanic Machine
Learning from Disaster competition.
Awesome.
I'll see you there.